Pseudo-PR for review (#22)
nf-core/mag: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# nf-core/mag: Contributing Guidelines

Hi there! Many thanks for taking an interest in improving nf-core/mag.

We try to manage the required tasks for nf-core/mag using GitHub issues, you probably came to this page when creating one. Please use the pre-filled template to save time.

However, don't be put off by this template - other more general issues and suggestions are welcome! Contributions to the code are even more welcome ;)

> > If you need help using or modifying nf-core/mag then the best place to ask is on the pipeline channel on [Slack](https://nf-core-invite.herokuapp.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you need help using or modifying nf-core/mag then the best place to ask is on the pipeline channel on [Slack](https://nf-co.re/join/slack).
```

When you create a pull request with changes, [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/) will run automatic tests.
Typically, pull-requests are only fully reviewed when these tests are passing, though of course we can help out before then.

There are typically two types of tests that run:

### Lint Tests
The nf-core has a [set of guidelines](http://nf-co.re/guidelines) which all pipelines must adhere to.
To enforce these and ensure that all pipelines stay in sync, we have developed a helper tool which runs checks on the pipeline code. This is in the [nf-core/tools repository](https://github.com/nf-core/tools) and once installed can be run locally with the `nf-core lint <pipeline-directory>` command.

If any failures or warnings are encountered, please follow the listed URL for more documentation.

### Pipeline Tests
Each nf-core pipeline should be set up with a minimal set of test-data.
Travis CI then runs the pipeline on this data to ensure that it exists successfully.
If there are any failures then the automated tests fail.
These tests are run both with the latest available version of Nextflow and also the minimum required version that is stated in the pipeline code.

## Getting help

> For further information/help, please consult the [nf-core/mag documentation](https://github.com/nf-core/mag#documentation) and don't hesitate to get in touch on the pipeline channel on [Slack](https://nf-core-invite.herokuapp.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information/help, please consult the [nf-core/mag documentation](https://github.com/nf-core/mag#documentation) and don't hesitate to get in touch on the pipeline channel on [Slack](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/mag).
```
